I wanted to share a little bit of background on this board, as well as some of the features.

The Alternate Power Option of the board does not need to be populated unless you want to power your board with anything but an original Commodore power supply (the same kind of power supply that used to power an original 1581.  To power this board with an original power supply, pins 1 and 2 must be shorted on JP2.  It's best to solder in a three pin header and use a jumper to select these two pins.

If however, you want to power your drive with any power supply you have kicking around to save yourself some money, then populate the Alternate power option of this board, and short pins 2 and 3.  That will effectively disable your ability to power it with a factory power supply.  You can however switch back and forth at will by moving the jumper.  You can never activate both connections due to the nature of how this was designed.

One recommendation however, is try not to use a power supply with too high a voltage.  The circuit will happily handle any voltages between 7.5VDC and 25VDC, however, the higher the voltage, the more heat is generated by the voltage regulator.  If I were to recommend a power supply, I'd say you should stick with a nice little 9VDC, 1amp power supply like the one sold by Adafruit (https://www.adafruit.com/product/63)  They sell for $8.95 and work perfectly with a drive created from this board.  That's the power supply I use.  And $8.95 is a far cry from the 50 or so dollars the Commodore ones cost on eBay these days.

J3 controls the active DOS rom.  If you only have a single dos rom (27256), then leave the jumper off.  If you have two (27512) then the jumper will allow you to switch between the two.

Check at the bottom of the BOM for the various jumper blocks that can be activated for various features.

I've also designed a very easy to print 3D printable case.  Those cases are available through my shop at https://corei64.com, but for those looking to save a bit of money and do everything themselves, I'll also soon be offering the STL files for this case (for a small fee) for your personal use.  Print as many as you want for yourself of course, but I would ask that you do not share the files with anyone, as the bit of money I get from these projects help me work on and develop new projects for the community.
